org: add relations.memberof filter to catalog api call in MembersListCard (#9221)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/nasty-pets-glow.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-org': patch
---

> Added relations.memberof filter to the catalog api call in MemberListCard to avoid fetching the whole User kind entity from catalog-backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `relations.memberof` filter to the catalog api call in `MemberListCard` to avoid fetching all the User entity kinds from catalog-backend.
```

Reviewer: if you accept this suggestion in the Github UI make sure that `Signed-off-by: Paladetch Usavasereelert <paladetch.u@gmail.com>` is copied to the commit message description or the DCO bot will complain
